Create rule S6467: Features deprecated in Oracle 18 should not be used (#1305)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6467/plsql/rule.adoc

> Deprecated language features are those that have been retained temporarily for backward compatibility, but which will eventually be removed from the language. In effect, deprecation announces a grace period to allow the smooth transition from the old features to the new ones. In that period, no use of the deprecated features should be added to the code, and all existing uses should be gradually removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deprecated language features have been retained temporarily for backward compatibility but will eventually be removed from the language. Deprecation announces a grace period to allow a smooth transition from the old features to the new ones. In that period, no use of the deprecated features should be added to the code, and all existing usages should be gradually removed.
```

Reviewer: (grammarly helped)

Reviewer 2: I copied the older description and did not check for grammar issues.
I'll fix also the older description - clean as you code -.

The following features are deprecated in Oracle 18:

[frame=all]
[cols="^1,^1"]
|===
|Deprecated |Replacement

> |DBMS_LOCK.SLEEP|DBMS_SESSION.SLEEP

Reviewer 2: I would like to pull the rspec in this state for [this](https://github.com/SonarSource/sonar-plsql/pull/318) PR.

> Deprecated language features have been retained temporarily for backward compatibility but will eventually be removed from the language. Deprecation announces a grace period to allow a smooth transition from the old features to the new ones. In that period, no use of the deprecated features should be added to the code, and all existing usages should be gradually removed.

Reviewer: IMO you should also add a link to the Oracle documentation
